[improve][doc] Add casdoor document for administration-pulsar-manager (#499)
apache/pulsar-manager: README.md

![pulsar-manager-token](docs/img/pulsar-manager-token.gif)

## Casdoor

### Casdoor Installation

You can use casdoor to realize sso.

> Casdoor can connect to Pulsar-manager simplely.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Casdoor can connect to Pulsar-manager simply.
```

> Because the code for connecting casdoor have been add in Pulsar-manager,so we just need configure application.yml in back-end and open front switch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the code for connecting the casdoor has been added in Pulsar-manager, we need to configure the casdoor in the back-end and front-end.
```

> #### Step1.Deploy Casdoor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step1. Deploy Casdoor
```

Firstly, the Casdoor should be deployed. 

You can refer to the Casdoor official documentation for the [Casdoor](https://casdoor.org/docs/overview)

After a successful deployment, you need to ensure:

- The Casdoor server is successfully running on **http://localhost:8000**.
- Open your favorite browser and visit **http://localhost:7001**, you will see the login page of Casdoor.
- Input `admin` and `123` to test login functionality is working fine.

> Then you can quickly implement a casdoor based login page in your own app with the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can quickly implement a casdoor based login page in your app with the following steps.
```

> #### stpe2.Configure Casdoor 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### step2. Configure Casdoor 
```

Configure casdoor can refer to [casdoor](https://door.casdoor.com/login)(Configure casdoor's browser better not use one browser with your develop browser).

> You also should configure organization, application, you also can refer to [casdoor](https://door.casdoor.com/login).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also should configure the organization, and application, you also can refer to [casdoor](https://door.casdoor.com/login).
```

> ##### step2.1 you should create a organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### step2.1 you should create an organization
```

![organization](/docs/img/Pulsar-manager_editOrganization.svg)

> ##### step2.2 you should create a application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### step2.2 you should create an application
```

![application](/docs/img/Pulsar-manager_editApplication.svg)

> #### Step3. Open Pulsar-manager front-end switch.

Reviewer: You only change the casdoor config in the front end.

casdoor.applicationName=app-pulsar
```

#### Step4. Configure front-end code

You also need configure casdoor's Configuration in the Line 50 of pulsar-manager/front-end/src/main.js

```
const config = {
  serverUrl: "http://localhost:7001",
  clientId: "6ba06c1e1a30929fdda7",

>   organizationName: "casbin",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  organizationName: "pulsar",
```

>   appName: "plusar",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  appName: "app-pulsar",
```
